Add limitation of knowledge bases (#2)
RasaHQ/tutorial-knowledge-base: README.md

This repository contains the code that is referred to in the tutorial 
[Integrating Rasa with knowledge bases](https://blog.rasa.com/integrating-rasa-with-knowledge-bases/).

## Outline

> 1. Requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Requirements](#Requirements)
```

Reviewer: think  you can link to sections this  way https://gist.github.com/asabaylus/3071099

| ambiguous mention               | I want to transfer money to _John_?                                                                   | The bot can find multiple entities with the referenced name (e.g. _John_). The entity needs to be specified.                                                                       |                                                                                 
| mention by synonym              | What's my _balance_? vs. How much _cash_ do I have?                                                   | The user refers to the same entity with different names.                                                                                                                           |                                                                                 

> | mention by hypernyms & hyponyms | Here are some recent transactions: Deutsche Bahn 99.95€, Spotify 9.99€. Which do you want to dispute? | The user can answer many things, such as "the bigger one", "the subscription", or "the train ticket". The bot needs to understand what entity the user refers to by those answers. |                                                                                 

Reviewer: "the bigger one" is by attribute comparison, which I'd say is a separate category. 
maybe we just do a travel example and pick something  that's international-friendly (I don't think everyone will know  what Deutsche  Bahn is )

> The bot is not able to handle all of the above types of mentions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bot in this repo can handle some but not all of  the cases above.
```

> Let's go over them one by one and take a closer look on what is possible and what are current limitations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's go over them one by one and take a closer look at what is possible and what are current limitations:
```

**direct mention**

The direct mention is handled by the NER of Rasa.
No knowledge base is needed to recognize an entity in a text.

> However, your knowledge base can be used to create lookup tables, that can then be used to improve the NER.

Reviewer: link to more info

**mention by pronoun**

If an entity is referred to by its pronoun, the bot cannot detect it.

> Typically, coreference resolution models are used to solve this kind of mention.

Reviewer: give an  example: 
_my sister has a dog. she loves him_ (him -> dog and she -> sister)
Also  maybe link to a couple of repos

**ordinal mention**

> With the smart use of slots, your bot is able to resolve an ordinal mention to its real-world entity.

Reviewer: link to line in  code where this  happens

As soon as multiple entities from the knowledge base are listed, the bot stores those in a specific slot.
The recognized ordinal mention needs to be mapped to an index and the entity can be picked up from the list of entities using the identified index.

**mention by attribute(s)**

Theoretically, your bot can find any entity by its attributes in its knowledge base.
However, if the user requested, for example, to name the transaction you did last month to Max, multiple nodes and
relations in your graph database are involved.
The query to fetch the requested entity becomes quite complex.
The bot is currently not able to handle such complex requests.
But, if the user is simply asking for a specific entity that just involves a node and its attributes in the graph database,
the bot can answer the user's request.

**ambiguous mention**

> Your bot should be able to help you resolve an ambiguous mention.

Reviewer: give an example of this

The bot looks up the ambiguous entity in the knowledge base.
If multiple entities are found, the user will be confronted with the list of entities.
The user can then specify the entity by, for example, using an ordinal mention.

**mention by synonym**

The bot uses mapping tables in the knowledge base to resolve synonyms. 
However, this is limited to the names you defined in those mapping tables.

**mention by hypernyms & hyponyms**

The bot cannot handle mentions by hypernyms & hyponyms at the moment.

> Knowledge about, for example, Deutsche Bahn selling train tickets is missing.

Reviewer: maybe a hint of how that could be achieved with a knowledge base?

Apart from the limitation already listed per mention type, the bot has the further limitations:

> * Comparing entities is still limited: The bot is not able to detect the comparison operator and can therefore not compare multiple entities in a proper way. So far, the bot just lists the requested attribute for all entities and you have to "compare" yourself.

Reviewer: I think  clearer  to give an  example

> * Executing complex queries: The bot tries to handle requests in a generic way. However, some user requests require complex queries. Especially, querying relations can be very tricky. As those queries need be handled separately, the bot needs to treat them in a special way, which is currently not implemented.

Reviewer: also would be clearer with  an example, I'm not sure I've understood this
